h1. Clinica UA

The project seeks to give visibility to the service of cleaning the admissions, occupation, movement Clinic in general, to manage an efficient cleaning and deliver a service quick and synchronized. Which, it is necessary to have the support that may be provided by information technology, to facilitate organizing and processing the information that is generated during the day, weeks, months.
 
Objectives of the project:
 
-Optimize the management of spare part: adapt to the estimated time and the quality of delivered in the different spaces (halls, maternity, rooms, consultations, offices).
-Support the coordination between the different actors in the process to obtain a continuous feedback on the status of the service: admission, nursing, emergency Pavilions, professional.
-Kept constantly clean and point all the spaces, do it with a careful care and treatment, both to the patient and the clinic staff. Project profile - IIC2143 Software Engineering page 2
-Keep track of costs related to cleaning: supplies, instruments.
-Optimize the Organization and rotation of the cleaning staff.
-Coordinate with operations management aspects listed in the replacement the team of maintenance (equipment, arrangements),
-Coordinate with Winery the replenishment of inputs

The actors that should be included are the following:
-Admission: general occupation in hospitalization and pavilions
-Consultations: consultations general occupation (schedules and replacement of professionals in the box)
-Hospitalisation (floor Coordinator nurse): schedules, mobilization of patients hospitalized. High. Peculiarities of patients (special care according to) treatment or infection).
-Pavilions (nurse coordinator): schedules, flow and special requirements of cleaning, according to pathology.
-Maternity (nurse coordinator): schedules, flow.
-Emergency (nurse coordinator): schedules, mobilization of patients, flow.
-Laboratories: timetables, flow.
 -Housekeeping: communication for review of common spaces that need it.
 -Cleaning service: Manual cleaning process to be applied according to enclosure, standards and risks. The staff of toilet training. Planning times and frequencies. The Cleaning of the clinic will be in charge of the toilet.
-Supply: inputs required for cleaning

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.12

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account.

h2. Documentation and Support

Documentation in spanish.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

